README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Arya Wahyu Lukman Saputra</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate frontend developer from Indonesia</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aryaw05&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="aryaw05" /> </p>

## About

> I am an extroverted individual who is full of energy and determination. I enjoy working hard and collaborating with others. Currently, I am employed at Prisma as a Developer Advocate. My previous experience includes working as a Full Stack Software Developer. My goal is to constantly enhance my communication and technical abilities. 

[Checkout my portfolio](https://ankur-datta.vercel.app/)
## Technologies

|  :notes: NOTE  |
|   ----    |
|  The technologies mentioned in the table, are the ones I have professional experience with. And they are sorted Left-Right inorder of experience |

| Stack | Technologies |
| ----- | :-------------: |
| `Languages` | ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)|
| `Frontend` |  ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) |
| `Backend` | ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) |
| `Web Server`| ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) |
| `Database` | ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)|
| `CMS` | ![Strapi](https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-%232E7EEA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white) |
| `ODM/ORM Tools` | ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Sequelize](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white) | `Machine Learning/Data Processing Tools` | ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)|
| `Cloud Tools` | ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)|
| `Editor` | ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) |
| `DevOps` | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) |
| `CI/CD` | ![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab%20ci-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) |
| `Project Management and Documentation`| ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) |
| `ML-Toolkit`| ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) |

## Education

| Degree |  Timeline | Institution | Skills Gained | Extras |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Bachelor's in Computer Science** with *CGPA 3.95/4.0*| Jan 2017 - Sep 2021 | [Independent University, Bangladesh](http://www.iub.edu.bd/) | ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) | I learned how to pick up new skills in a short span of time and under pressure. I practiced the art of translating theory into practice. |
| ***Erasmus+ Exchange*** *24 ECTS* | Feb 2019 - June 2019 | [University of Maribor](https://www.um.si/en/home-page/) | ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![Jupyter Notebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-%23FA0F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)| I learnt to adapt to a new environment, interact and work with people from different cultures. The most important skill I picked up was to break out of my comfort zone |

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal info and skills

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Arya Wahyu Lukman Saputra</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate frontend developer from Indonesia</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aryaw05&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="aryaw05" /> </p>

## About

> I am Arya Wahyu Lukman Saputra, a dedicated and passionate student currently pursuing my degree in Informatics Engineering at Dian Nuswantoro University.
One of my primary interests lies in the field of Informatics Engineering, with a specific focus on web development. With a strong foundation in programming languages and a creative mindset, I aspire to become a proficient front-end developer. My goal is to leverage my skills to design visually appealing and user-friendly websites that enhance the online experience for users.

[Checkout my portfolio](https://ankur-datta.vercel.app/)
## Technologies

|  :notes: NOTE  |
|   ----    |
|  The technologies mentioned in the table, are the ones I have professional experience with. And they are sorted Left-Right inorder of experience |

| Stack | Technologies |
| ----- | :-------------: |
| `Languages` | ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)|
| `Frontend` |  ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) |
| `Backend` | ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) |
| `Database` | ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)|
| `CMS` | ![Strapi](https://img.shields.io/badge/strapi-%232E7EEA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strapi&logoColor=white) |
| `ODM/ORM Tools` | ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![Sequelize](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white) | `Machine Learning/Data Processing Tools` | ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)|
| `Cloud Tools` | ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)|
| `Editor` | ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) |
| `DevOps` | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) |
| `CI/CD` | ![GitLab CI](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab%20ci-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) |
| `Project Management and Documentation`| ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/confluence-%23172BF4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=confluence&logoColor=white) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) |
| `ML-Toolkit`| ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) |

## Education

| Degree |  Timeline | Institution | Skills Gained | Extras |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Bachelor's in Computer Science** with *CGPA 3.95/4.0*| Jan 2017 - Sep 2021 | [Independent University, Bangladesh](http://www.iub.edu.bd/) | ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) | I learned how to pick up new skills in a short span of time and under pressure. I practiced the art of translating theory into practice. |
